So let us look how we can create a VPC in the NWS management console.
So the first thing I want to do is to go to my services.
Then I will select the VPC.
Now you could use the BBC wizard similar to what we did in the Cloud Practitioner class, but now I
want to do this VPC creation columns.
Can I just to understand most of the VPC component that we are using to build our own private network
in the US?
Understanding the VPC is very important to pass the solution architect exam.
So I will click now in the your VPC from the virtual private clouds in our click on Create a VPC.
I'm going to create a VPC and I will give it a name.
And in this name I'm going to call it demo VPC know the C idea ought to block that I want to use is
going to be ten 0.0.0 with this nice 16.
This means that this VPC is going to have about 65,536 available IP.
So I could segment that VPC further into more subnet.
Now let me create a VPC.
Now about the default tenancy.
You can use a dedicated tenancy or a default one.
This means you are going to build a dedicated VPC, especially if you want to meet a regulation requirement
or a licensing requirements.
Now for this demo, we're going to use default.
Click on to create a VPC.
Now, once you create a VPC, the VPC will appear here in your VPC console, select the VPC.
And now from the Actions menu, I want to enable DNS hostnames.
This will give any AC to a lunch inside this VPC a DNS name.
Now lets me create in that demo VPC unless we create a new subnet and I will call this my public subnet,
so I'm going to create a subnet, select the demo VPC, give this subnet name public subnet and let
me place this in the first ability zone of us east one e you can see I have six of these on which means
I could create six available public subnet for each easy for this subnet.
I'm going to give this IP address ten 0.0.1 with a slash 24, which means I'm going to get up to two
to the power eight available IP minus five, which are the five IP is reserved for us.
Now let me create this subnet.
Now I want to select my subnet and from the action menu I want to do modify oh to assign IP address.
So from action added subnet setting enable or to assign public IP address, then click on save.
Let me next create a private subnet.
So I'm going to select the demo VPC.
I will call this subnet a private subnet.
And this is will be also in my fears ability zone and I will give it the IP address.
Ten .0.2.0 with a slash 24 click on create.
Now let's create another gateway because I want now my public subnet.
If I launch an easy to instance in my public subnet, I want those easy to, in a sense to have both
connection to the Internet, inbound and outbound.
So let me click on it.
Create an Internet gateway.
I will call it demo ise GW and create an Earth gateway.
Now if we go back, we will see from the action menu of the Internet gateway that I just created that
I can attach this to a specific VPC.
So from actions attached to a VPC, you can select the demo VPC.
You could also use that command line interface if you are using the CLIA to attach a specific VPC to
this Internet gateway.
Now let's go to the road table and we want to configure that out it.
Now be careful when you go to the round table, you must be sure that this table belongs to the demo
VPC because most likely you will have a default VPC created in your region by us.
So I'm going to select the round table with main equals.
Yes, in the VPC.
The VPC ID with demo VPC now lets me edit this and I will call this public row table.
Now it's a good practice and I always prefer to use the main equals for my private trout table.
But if you want to use it for your public allow table similar to this demo, feel free to do so.
Now in the routs you will find that this table is telling my VPC that any easy to wants to communicate
inside the VPC network.
They need to go and use the destination.
Look, if I want them to use my internet gateway for anything else, because this is a public cloud
table, I need to select any IP.
No, the destination will be in.
Turn it gateway and I will be able to select my dim i g w and save the changes.
Now in the subnet association.
I want to point now my public subnet to my public cloud table, and this is from now on this subnet
will be act as a public subnet because it has a destination for out to the Internet gate.
Now let's let's go back and create an Earth gateway, because I want my NAS gateway to be used by my
private instances.
When you click on Create that gateway, give it the name demo and t now this that will be placed on
my private in my public subnet and it will be used for my private instances.
So I'm going to allocate an elastic IP for the interface that I will place on the public subnet and
it will have also a private IP use by my private instances.
Now if you go to the round table, click on Create Table and I will call this a private round table.
And let me now put it in demo VPC and create now in the route of this private allowed table, I need
to edit add another route for any IP.
Now this should go and take the traffic to my net gateway, which is the one I just created.
Then one act and then I save the change for subnet association.
I need to edit the subnet associations and I will select now the private subnet, which means any easy
to instance running in the private instance will use the net gateway in order to reach the internet.
Now let me create a bastion.
Host Before I create a version host I need to create a security group.
And this is where most the student make a mistake when they create a security group.
When you click on to create a security group, you need to specify where this security group in which.
VPC So I'm going to call this demo security group and this is will allow us to search to my private
easy to in instances in private subnet.
Now here where most students make mistakes they select the default because by default W as console will
give you the default VPC and select the demo VPC add a new rule and this is will be as a switch and
let me make it anywhere because I want to show you one simple thing here before we carry on, create
a VPC security group.
Now let's go to the easy tools.
And this is what I'm going to do.
I'm going to launch a private server in this private subnet, and I will show you that we have no way
to access it from our personal computer or from the interview.
We need to do something else which is creating a question.
Host So let us see why you need aversion lunch.
Now in this tense, I'm going to select Linux two.
I will keep it with a three tier T two micro and no, I will place it in my demo VPC in my private subnet.
And I even if you auto assign public IP, this is going to be useless because that public IP won't be
reachable because it's act and work behind init gateway click add now for security group.
I'm going to select the Demo Security Group Review Lunch and I will launch this with a new keypad.
I'm going to call this keypad demo.
If you are using Linux and Mac, RSA will be good.
If you are using Windows d25519 is better because this is will give you not APM file a public fine download
the key pair.
This is where you go to my download folder and lunch.
There you see two instance if I open my terminal or even potty for windows and they want to access that
easy two instance, I want to be able to do so.
Why go to that?
Easy to you will see that this is to now after it became running, it will get only a private IP address.
It won't get a public IP address even if it does get a public IP address.
This is placed on a demo of ABC in the private subnet so I can reach it from the internet.
So what is the solution for this lunch?
And you bastion host it will be t two micro this is will be in my demo VPC in my public subnet.
I don't have anything here to specify no user data because this is will be only like a jump books.
I want to connect to it for you as I said and from that machine host I want to use that bastion host
to access my easy to an instance in the private subnet click attack put name here and call this bastion
host now for security group.
I'm going to select the creation of a new security group.
I will call this bashing host because I want this security group to be the source of the traffic.
Allow my pc to access bastion host and here I will not only my iPad that is the view launch I will use
now different keypad and I will call this.
Host to access because this is where you give me more control and more security that if I get the bastion
house key leaked or hacked, still, the key for my private instances is not going to be affected by
that and launch an easy to innocence.
If you view your inner senses now, you will be able to connect to this bastion host from your PC.
But then you need to access from the bastion host.
You need to access the private server.
Let me call this private server, for example, so we can understand how Bastion Host What now?
If I open my terminal now and I go to my download folder where I put where I put my bastion host files,
I need to do the following see hatch mode 400.
And the first thing I need to do is bash and host the term file to give this permission.
And now if I want to connect to my bastion host, I could use multiple things.
I could use the easy to access disconnect user as the station manager or the as such a client.
So the access as a client will look like this.
The command it's assets minus IP person hold the term the user at the public DNS of this easy to know
I want just to verify that I can access the bastion host verify that this is yes and now I can access
the bastion also I could know that if you go back to your bastion host in your Bastion host, you can
see that I am inside the private IP address of the Bastion.
Host Now from here, if I have at this machine, if I have the other key, which is that demo, that
PIM file key, I could basically access the private web to from the Bastion host, I could access the
private twitch server.
However, there is a better way to do this.
Now for Windows, there is another video you need to see how to configure a party and the agent in Linux
and Mac.
Things are really simple.
You merely need to add those keys to your search agent and as a search agent will pass those keys to
the Bastion host and the Bastion host will be able to use them to connect to the private server.
To do that, all you need to do guys is search minus ad minus K and let me add the two keys.
So I don't need to specify as I search minus.
I know I need to keys, I need SSL to minus add minus k and lets me add first the bastion host key now
list.
We also add the other key which is the demo key segment and now demo key file.
I will add it.
And now if I do RSA search easy to bash users at the public IP or the public DNS of my bastion host,
I will be able to connect.
So let me just use the public DNS so you can see that it is the same command that I used before, but
without minus E, I had a typo there.
So instead of having as a search, I have a switch it.
So let me change the hatch now and we will be good as a search minus a easy to user at the public DNS
name of my best.
So I am now inside the Bastion host from the Bastion Host.
If I want to connect to my private web server now, I need to get the private IP address of the server.
So all I need to do is, as I said, easy to use it at the private IP of the server and I will be able
now to access the private to observe how I can verify this look to the easy to use are at the hostname
is the IP the private IP name of this easy to in essence so go to the private web server you can see
that now I am inside the private web server in the private.
So this is why we need a bastion host and this is how we build and create a BBC.
Thank you for seeing this demo and see you in the next one.